README.md, before:

# BasicCAD

We are creating a caster.

---
## Table of Contents
* [Table of Contents](#Table-of-Contents)
* [Base](#Base)
* [Mount](#Mount)
* [Fork](#Fork)
* [Tire](#Tire)
* [Wheel](#Wheel)
* [AxleCollarBearings](#AxleCollarBearings)

## Base

### Description

The first assignment is to create the caster base.  The base's dimensions are 200 mm x 120 mm and 8 mm thick.  It has 6 holes 10 mm wide and 20 mm from the edge equally spaced along the edges.

### Evidence
[The Base in Onshape](https://cvilleschools.onshape.com/documents/0d70f655203ca304cb3c5b7d/w/f55603f962f6fc74f5548a68/e/41d730c570a8d75fce9f51b6)

### Image

<img src="https://github.com/OneCHSEngr/BasicCAD/blob/master/images/Base.jpg?raw=true" alt="The Base" width="200">

### Reflection

This was my first Onshape part and [following along with Dr. Shields made it super easy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93BFUD-HAG8&feature=emb_title&scrlybrkr=5670f0b4)  I learned about 
* sketching (shortcut **shift-s**)
* constructions lines (shortcut **Q**)
* dimensions (shortcut **D**)
* extruding both add and remove (shortcut key **E**)
* linear patterns (no shortcut)

Onshape is awesome.  I found it really helpful to rename all my sketches.  It is going to be a GREAT year in engineering.

---


## Mount

### Description

The mount is the second part of the castor, and is a 120mm x120mm rectangle, centered on the origin.It has 4 symmetric holes in the corners, and one in the center of the square.
### Evidence 

https://cvilleschools.onshape.com/documents/106531b2735f50f685dd9a3a/w/8945d6d6c24537e0b4110784/e/3ca1e537b24859115f

### Image

![TheMount](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71407064/95594709-4dc2bc00-0a19-11eb-8ad6-1df7b6a67fd5.png)

### Reflection

---


## Fork

### Description

### Evidence

### Image

### Reflection

---


## Tire

### Description

### Evidence

### Image

### Reflection

---


## Wheel

### Description

### Evidence

### Image

### Reflection

---


## AxleCollarBearings

### Description

### Evidence

### Image

### Reflection

---

Commit message:

added all the assigments I have done so far in onshape

README.md, after:

# BasicCAD

We are creating a caster.

---
## Table of Contents
* [Table of Contents](#Table-of-Contents)
* [Base](#Base)
* [Mount](#Mount)
* [Fork](#Fork)
* [Tire](#Tire)
* [Wheel](#Wheel)
* [AxleCollarBearings](#AxleCollarBearings)

## Base

### Description

The first assignment is to create the caster base.  The base's dimensions are 200 mm x 120 mm and 8 mm thick.  It has 6 holes 10 mm wide and 20 mm from the edge equally spaced along the edges.

### Evidence
[The Base in Onshape](https://cvilleschools.onshape.com/documents/0d70f655203ca304cb3c5b7d/w/f55603f962f6fc74f5548a68/e/41d730c570a8d75fce9f51b6)

### Image

<img src="https://github.com/OneCHSEngr/BasicCAD/blob/master/images/Base.jpg?raw=true" alt="The Base" width="200">

### Reflection

This was my first Onshape part and [following along with Dr. Shields made it super easy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93BFUD-HAG8&feature=emb_title&scrlybrkr=5670f0b4)  I learned about 
* sketching (shortcut **shift-s**)
* constructions lines (shortcut **Q**)
* dimensions (shortcut **D**)
* extruding both add and remove (shortcut key **E**)
* linear patterns (no shortcut)

Onshape is awesome.  I found it really helpful to rename all my sketches.  It is going to be a GREAT year in engineering.

---


## Mount

### Description

The mount is the second part of the castor, and is a 120mm x120mm rectangle, centered on the origin.It has 4 symmetric holes in the corners, and one in the center of the square.
### Evidence 

https://cvilleschools.onshape.com/documents/106531b2735f50f685dd9a3a/w/8945d6d6c24537e0b4110784/e/3ca1e537b24859115f

### Image

![TheMount](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71407064/95594709-4dc2bc00-0a19-11eb-8ad6-1df7b6a67fd5.png)

### Reflection

This assignment was much easier than the first one, just becuase I had a mouse, and I'm getting used to usin onshape. The video directions are very helpful, and I having fun designing things. 

---

## Fork

### Description

The fork is a pretty cool design where you use tons of different features, such as filet. The base of the fork is a circle with 80 mm diameter.

### Evidence

https://cvilleschools.onshape.com/documents/3e3cda82d636bccc5404a591/w/4fb784fb44d59ac0bfcd84d9/e/89f60731470a9c672151e2a2

### Image

![TheFork](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71407064/95595399-1dc7e880-0a1a-11eb-8965-ca1ff62b3d28.png)

### Reflection

Honestly this assignemnt was not hard at all, Dr shields videos once again made it super easy. It was cool using some new stuff such as filet that we haven't used as well. 

---

## Tire

### Description

The tire is an interesting design because we revolves it. It has two dimensions on the right, that go into nothing, but that's how you demonstrate that you want t extrude this design.

### Evidence

https://cvilleschools.onshape.com/documents/8bc15f92010498497814232c/w/41d0171605c039d33b71e762/e/53cc0fd2aee4715a955566c1

### Image

![Screenshot 2020-10-05 at 3 55 49 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71407064/95596136-04736c00-0a1b-11eb-9522-123fada3f844.png)


### Reflection

This was a fun assigment that took a couple tries for me, but I got it eventually. I'm still really enjoying onshape and designign the castor. 

---


## Wheel

### Description

### Evidence

### Image

### Reflection

---


## AxleCollarBearings

### Description

### Evidence

### Image

### Reflection

---
